cargo-readme.md, before:

duplicate
=============================

Crate for easy code duplication with substitution.

## Motivation

If you find yourself in need of copying a block of code and then making some small changes to fit the new use case, this crate is for you.

The `duplicate_item` attribute macro will duplicate an item any number of times while inserting custom code in the designated places in each duplicate.
The `duplicate_inline` function-like procedural macro will do the same for any code you give it.

For an in-depth explanation of the syntax and features, [see the documentation](https://docs.rs/duplicate).

## Example

```rust
use duplicate::duplicate_item;

/// Trait we want to implement for u8, u16, and u32
trait IsMax {
  /// Returns true if self is its maximum possible value.
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool;
}

#[duplicate_item(
  int_type  max_value;
  [ u8 ]    [ 255 ];
  [ u16 ]   [ 65_535 ];
  [ u32 ]   [ 4_294_967_295 ];
)]
impl IsMax for int_type {
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool {
    *self == max_value
  }
}

assert!(!42u8.is_max());
assert!(!42u16.is_max());
assert!(!42u32.is_max());
```
Expands to:

```rust
use duplicate::duplicate_item;

/// Trait we want to implement for u8, u16, and u32
trait IsMax {
  /// Returns true if self is its maximum possible value.
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool;
}

impl IsMax for u8 {
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool {
    *self == 255
  }
}
impl IsMax for u16 {
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool {
    *self == 65_535
  }
}
impl IsMax for u32 {
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool {
    *self == 4_294_967_295
  }
}

assert!(!42u8.is_max());
assert!(!42u16.is_max());
assert!(!42u32.is_max());
```

## MSRV Policy

This crate's _Minimum Supported Rust Version_ (MSRV) depends on which features are enabled.

The _Base MSRV_ is 1.42. It applies when no features are enabled and is the lowest possible MSRV.
Enabling the following features increases the MSRV to the stated version:

_No features currently increase the MSRV beyong the base._

Enabling features not on the above list doesn't increase the MSRV.

Increasing the Base MSRV or the MSRV of any specific existing feature is a breaking change and will be accompanied by a major version bump. 
Adding new features doesn't count as a breaking change, even if they are enabled by default and thereby increase the commulative MSRV of the default features.

## Changelog

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning.](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)
During initial development (with versions 0.y.z), bumps to the minor version (y) signify breaking changes.

[changelog_body]

This changelog format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and shows only the changes since the previous version.
[See the full changelog](https://github.com/Emoun/duplicate/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for changes to all released versions.

#### License

<sup>
Licensed under either of <a href="LICENSE-APACHE">Apache License, Version
2.0</a> or <a href="LICENSE-MIT">MIT license</a> at your option.
</sup>

Commit message:

Relaxed MSRV to not include dependencies.
This allows us to be less strict with pinning dependencies
since we just need a minimal version to work.
This will allow users to depend on us even if they
have a different version requirement to one of the crates
that we use too.

CI now tests that minimal versions work on the MSRV.

cargo-readme.md, after:

duplicate
=============================

Crate for easy code duplication with substitution.

## Motivation

If you find yourself in need of copying a block of code and then making some small changes to fit the new use case, this crate is for you.

The `duplicate_item` attribute macro will duplicate an item any number of times while inserting custom code in the designated places in each duplicate.
The `duplicate_inline` function-like procedural macro will do the same for any code you give it.

For an in-depth explanation of the syntax and features, [see the documentation](https://docs.rs/duplicate).

## Example

```rust
use duplicate::duplicate_item;

/// Trait we want to implement for u8, u16, and u32
trait IsMax {
  /// Returns true if self is its maximum possible value.
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool;
}

#[duplicate_item(
  int_type  max_value;
  [ u8 ]    [ 255 ];
  [ u16 ]   [ 65_535 ];
  [ u32 ]   [ 4_294_967_295 ];
)]
impl IsMax for int_type {
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool {
    *self == max_value
  }
}

assert!(!42u8.is_max());
assert!(!42u16.is_max());
assert!(!42u32.is_max());
```
Expands to:

```rust
use duplicate::duplicate_item;

/// Trait we want to implement for u8, u16, and u32
trait IsMax {
  /// Returns true if self is its maximum possible value.
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool;
}

impl IsMax for u8 {
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool {
    *self == 255
  }
}
impl IsMax for u16 {
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool {
    *self == 65_535
  }
}
impl IsMax for u32 {
  fn is_max(&self) -> bool {
    *self == 4_294_967_295
  }
}

assert!(!42u8.is_max());
assert!(!42u16.is_max());
assert!(!42u32.is_max());
```

## MSRV Policy

This crate's _Minimum Supported Rust Version_ (MSRV) depends on which features are enabled.

The _Base MSRV_ is 1.42. It applies when no features are enabled and is the lowest possible MSRV.
Enabling the following features increases the MSRV to the stated version:

_No features currently increase the MSRV beyond the base._

Enabling features not on the above list doesn't increase the MSRV.

Increasing the Base MSRV or the MSRV of any specific existing feature is a breaking change and will be accompanied by a major version bump. 
Adding new features doesn't count as a breaking change, even if they are enabled by default and thereby increase the commulative MSRV of the default features.

Only the minimal versions of this crate's direct and transitive dependencies are guaranteed to work with the MSRV.

## Changelog

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning.](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)
During initial development (with versions 0.y.z), bumps to the minor version (y) signify breaking changes.

[changelog_body]

This changelog format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and shows only the changes since the previous version.
[See the full changelog](https://github.com/Emoun/duplicate/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for changes to all released versions.

#### License

<sup>
Licensed under either of <a href="LICENSE-APACHE">Apache License, Version
2.0</a> or <a href="LICENSE-MIT">MIT license</a> at your option.
</sup>
